{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\deftab720\deflang2057
{\fonttbl{\f0\fswiss Arial;}{\f1\fswiss \fcharset0 Arial;}{\f2\fnil \fcharset2 WingDings;}{\f3\fnil \fcharset0 Courier New;}{\f4\fnil \fcharset0 Arial;}{\f5\fmodern Courier New;}{\f6\fmodern \fcharset0 Courier New;}{\f7\fnil Courier New;}}
{\colortbl\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green128\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;}
${\footnote {$}Using CHI - Overview}
#{\footnote {#}OVERVIEW}
K{\footnote {K}Overview}
@{\footnote {@}Using CHI CNT topic: An overview of all versions of CHI.}

\pard \plain \pard \keepn \plain\f0\fs8\cf0 
\par \plain\f0\fs24\cf2\b Overview\plain\f0\fs20\cf0 
\par \plain\f0\fs8\cf0  
\par \pard \fi-400 \li400 \tx400 
\par \pard \plain\f0\fs18\cf0 Component Help Installer (CHI) enables OpenHelp enabled component help files to be intergrated with and removed from Borland Delphi. It can be used with Delphi versions 3 to \plain\f1\fs18\cf0 7\plain\f0\fs18\cf0 .
\par \plain\f0\fs8\cf0 
\par \plain\f1\fs18\cf0 The are two different versions\plain\f0\fs18\cf0 :
\par \plain\f0\fs8\cf0 
\par \{button , JumpId(USINGGUI)\}\pard \fi-400 \li800 \tx800 \plain\f0\fs18\cf0 \tab \plain\f1\fs18\cf0 A\plain\f0\fs18\cf0  stand-alone windows application\plain\f1\fs18\cf0  -\plain\f0\fs18\cf0  CHI.exe
\par \plain\f0\fs8\cf0 
\par \{button , JumpID(USINGCMDLINE)\}\plain\f0\fs18\cf0 \tab \plain\f1\fs18\cf0 A \plain\f0\fs18\cf0 command-line application - CHInst.exe
\par \pard \plain\f0\fs8\cf0 
\par \plain\f0\fs18\cf0 Click the relevant button to see help \plain\f1\fs18\cf0 about \plain\f0\fs18\cf0 these different ways of running CHI.
\par \plain\f0\fs8\cf0 
\par \plain\f1\fs18\cf0\b Note: Both versions of the program require admin privileges so must be run as admin. The programs both request elevation on Windows Vista and later.\plain\f0\fs8\cf0 
\par 
\par \pard \brdrt \brdrs  
\par \pard \plain\f0\fs18\cf0\i See also:\plain\f0\fs18\cf0 
\par \plain\f0\fs8\cf0 
\par \{button , JumpID(IDH_COPYRIGHT)\}\pard \fi-400 \li400 \tx400 \plain\f0\fs18\cf0 \tab Copyright and licensing information
\par \{button , JumpID(AUTHOR)\}\tab About the author
\par \page 
${\footnote {$}Using CHI - GUI Application}
#{\footnote {#}USINGGUI}
K{\footnote {K}GUI application}
@{\footnote {@}Using CHI CNT topic: Describes how to use the GUI version of CHI. Describes controls common to both pages and links to separare topics concerned with installation and removal.}

\pard \plain \pard \keepn \plain\f0\fs8\cf0 
\par \plain\f0\fs24\cf2\b Using the GUI Application\plain\f0\fs20\cf0 
\par \plain\f0\fs8\cf0  
\par \pard 
\par \plain\f0\fs18\cf0 This topic covers the use of the stand-alone Windows application.
\par \plain\f0\fs8\cf0 
\par \plain\f0\fs18\cf0 The main part of the CHI user interface is a tabbed control. The first tab is used to install help files and the second is used to removed them. From the interface you can also get help\plain\f1\fs18\cf0  and visit \plain\f0\fs18\cf0 the \plain\f1\fs18\cf0 DelphiDabbler\plain\f0\fs18\cf0  website.
\par \plain\f0\fs8\cf0 
\par \plain\f0\fs18\cf0 Click the following buttons to get more information about:
\par \plain\f0\fs8\cf0 
\par \{button , JumpID(GUIINSTALL)\}\pard \fi-400 \li800 \tx800 \plain\f0\fs18\cf0 \tab Installing help files
\par \plain\f0\fs8\cf0 
\par \{button , JumpID(GUIUNINSTALL)\}\plain\f0\fs18\cf0 \tab Removing help files
\par \plain\f0\fs8\cf0 
\par \{button , JumpID(GUIGETTINGHELP)\}\plain\f0\fs18\cf0 \tab Getting help on using CHI
\par \plain\f0\fs8\cf0 
\par \{button , JumpID(VISITWEBSITE)\}\plain\f0\fs18\cf0 \tab Visting the \plain\f1\fs18\cf0 DelphiDabbler\plain\f0\fs18\cf0  website
\par \plain\f0\fs8\cf0 
\par \{button , JumpID(DISPLAYABOUT)\}\plain\f0\fs18\cf0 \tab Displaying the About box
\par \pard \plain\f0\fs8\cf0 
\par \pard \fi-400 \li400 \tx400 \brdrt \brdrs  \plain\f0\fs18\cf0 
\par \pard \fi-400 \li400 \tx400 \plain\f0\fs18\cf0\i See also:
\par \plain\f0\fs8\cf0 
\par \{button , JumpID(USINGCMDLINE)\}\plain\f0\fs18\cf0 \tab Using the command line application
\par \page 
${\footnote {$}Installing Help Files Using the GUI}
#{\footnote {#}GUIINSTALL}
K{\footnote {K}Installing help files;GUI application;GUI application,installing help files}
@{\footnote {@}Sub-topic: Describes how to use the Windows application to install help files.}

\pard \plain \pard \keepn \plain\f0\fs8\cf0 
\par \plain\f0\fs24\cf2\b Installing Help Files Using GUI Application\plain\f0\fs20\cf0 
\par \plain\f0\fs8\cf0  
\par \pard 
\par \plain\f0\fs18\cf0 To install a help file into the Delphi IDE do the following:
\par \plain\f0\fs8\cf0 
\par \pard \fi-400 \li400 \tx400 \plain\f0\fs18\cf0 1)\tab Select the Install tab. 
\par \plain\f0\fs8\cf0 
\par \plain\f0\fs18\cf0 2)\tab Enter the name of the Help file to be installed in the \plain\f0\fs18\cf0\i Help file\plain\f0\fs18\cf0  edit box. (You can include a {\strike file path macro}{\v FILEPATHMACROS} in the file path). Alternatively click the adjacent browse button to choose the file from a dialog box). 
\par \plain\f0\fs8\cf0 
\par \plain\f0\fs18\cf0 3)\tab If you wish to copy the help file to a different location before installing then enter the path the file is to be copied to in the \plain\f0\fs18\cf0\i Copy to\plain\f0\fs18\cf0  edit box. (You can include a {\strike file path macro}{\v FILEPATHMACROS} in the file path). Alternatively click the adjacent \plain\f0\fs18\cf0\i Browse\plain\f0\fs18\cf0  button and choose the folder from a dialog box).
\par \plain\f0\fs8\cf0 
\par \plain\f0\fs18\cf0 4)\tab Enter a description of the help file in the \plain\f0\fs18\cf0\i Description\plain\f0\fs18\cf0  edit box - this is displayed when Delphi offers a choice of topics.
\par \plain\f0\fs8\cf0 
\par \plain\f0\fs18\cf0 5)\tab Choose the version you are installing into from the \plain\f0\fs18\cf0\i Delphi\plain\f0\fs18\cf0  combo box.
\par \plain\f0\fs8\cf0 
\par \plain\f0\fs18\cf0 6)\tab Click the \plain\f0\fs18\cf0\i Install\plain\f0\fs18\cf0  button.
\par \pard \plain\f0\fs8\cf0 
\par \pard \brdrt \brdrs  
\par \pard \plain\f0\fs18\cf0\i See also:\plain\f0\fs18\cf0 
\par \plain\f0\fs8\cf0 
\par \{button , JumpID(GUIUNINSTALL)\}\pard \fi-400 \li400 \tx400 \plain\f0\fs18\cf0 \tab Uninstalling help files using GUI application
\par \page 
${\footnote {$}Uninstalling Help Files using the GUI}
#{\footnote {#}GUIUNINSTALL}
K{\footnote {K}Uninstalling help files;GUI application;GUI application,uninstalling help files}
@{\footnote {@}Sub-topic: Describes how to use the Windows application to uninstall help files.}

\pard \plain \pard \keepn \plain\f0\fs8\cf0 
\par \plain\f0\fs24\cf2\b Uninstalling Help Files Using GUI Application\plain\f0\fs20\cf0 
\par \plain\f0\fs8\cf0  
\par \pard 
\par \plain\f0\fs18\cf0 To uninstall a help file from the Delphi IDE do the following:
\par \plain\f0\fs8\cf0 
\par \pard \fi-400 \li400 \tx400 \plain\f0\fs18\cf0 1)\tab Select the Remove tab.
\par \plain\f0\fs8\cf0 
\par \plain\f0\fs18\cf0 2)\tab Choose the help file from the drop-down list (CHI can only remove help files installed using the program and they are all listed here).
\par \plain\f0\fs8\cf0 
\par \plain\f0\fs18\cf0 3)\tab If you wish Windows to forget about the help file's location check the \plain\f0\fs18\cf0\i Remove file reference from registry\plain\f0\fs18\cf0  check box. You may not wish to do this if the help file is used by some other application.
\par \plain\f0\fs8\cf0 
\par \plain\f0\fs18\cf0 4)\tab If you want CHI to delete the help file check the \plain\f0\fs18\cf0\i Delete the help file\plain\f0\fs18\cf0  check box. You can only do this if the file reference is also to be removed from the registry.
\par \plain\f0\fs8\cf0 
\par \plain\f0\fs18\cf0 5)\tab Choose the version you are uninstalling from using the \plain\f0\fs18\cf0\i Delphi\plain\f0\fs18\cf0  combo box.
\par \plain\f0\fs8\cf0 
\par \plain\f0\fs18\cf0 6)\tab Click the \plain\f0\fs18\cf0\i Remove\plain\f0\fs18\cf0  button.
\par \pard \plain\f0\fs8\cf0 
\par \pard \brdrt \brdrs  
\par \pard \plain\f0\fs18\cf0\i See also:\plain\f0\fs18\cf0 
\par \plain\f0\fs8\cf0 
\par \{button , JumpID(GUIINSTALL)\}\pard \fi-400 \li400 \tx400 \plain\f0\fs18\cf0 \tab Installing help files using GUI application
\par \page 
${\footnote {$}Getting Help From The GUI}
#{\footnote {#}GUIGETTINGHELP}
K{\footnote {K}Getting help;GUI application;GUI application,displaying help}
@{\footnote {@}Sub-topic: Describes how to use the Windows application to get help.}

\pard \plain \pard \keepn \plain\f0\fs8\cf0 
\par \plain\f0\fs24\cf2\b Getting Help Using GUI Application\plain\f0\fs20\cf0 
\par \plain\f0\fs8\cf0  
\par \pard 
\par \plain\f0\fs18\cf0 The following help is availabled by clicking the \plain\f0\fs18\cf0\i Help\plain\f0\fs18\cf0  button on the main window and selecting an item from the drop down menu:
\par \plain\f0\fs8\cf0 
\par \pard \fi-400 \li400 \tx400 \plain\f2\fs18\cf0 \'A7\plain\f0\fs18\cf0 \tab Display the help contents and index dialog by clicking \plain\f0\fs18\cf0\i Contents\plain\f0\fs18\cf0 .
\par \plain\f2\fs18\cf0 \'A7\plain\f0\fs18\cf0 \tab Learn {\strike how CHI works}{\v IDH_HOWITWORKS} by selecting the \plain\f0\fs18\cf0\i How CHI Works\plain\f0\fs18\cf0  menu item.
\par \pard \plain\f0\fs8\cf0 
\par \plain\f0\fs18\cf0 From the help menu you can also\plain\f1\fs18\cf0  \plain\f0\fs18\cf0 visit the {\strike DelphiDabbler website}{\v VISITWEBSITE} and display the About box. 
\par \plain\f0\fs8\cf0 
\par \plain\f1\fs18\cf0 On some versions of Windows a\plain\f0\fs18\cf0  \plain\f0\fs18\cf0\b ?\plain\f0\fs18\cf0  symbol appears in the title bar of the main window and some dialog boxes. Clicking this symbol and then clicking an item on the display pops up some brief help on that item.
\par \plain\f0\fs8\cf0 
\par \plain\f0\fs18\cf0 Additionally, you can get help from dialog boxes by clicking their help button.
\par \plain\f0\fs8\cf0 
\par \pard \fi-400 \li400 \tx400 \brdrt \brdrs  
\par \page 
${\footnote {$}Visting The DelphiDabbler Website}
#{\footnote {#}VISITWEBSITE}
K{\footnote {K}DelphiDabbler website;Website}
@{\footnote {@}Sub-topic: Describes how to use the Windows application to visit the DelphiDabbler Website.}

\pard \plain \pard \keepn \plain\f0\fs8\cf0 
\par \plain\f0\fs24\cf2\b Visting The \plain\f1\fs24\cf2\i\b delphi\plain\f3\fs36\cf2\b Dabbler\plain\f0\fs24\cf2\b  Website\plain\f0\fs20\cf0 
\par \plain\f0\fs8\cf0  
\par \pard 
\par \plain\f0\fs18\cf0 The \plain\f1\fs18\cf0 DelphiDabbler\plain\f0\fs18\cf0  website is the \plain\f1\fs18\cf0 home of CHI and \plain\f0\fs18\cf0 other \plain\f1\fs18\cf0 open source DelphiDabbler\plain\f0\fs18\cf0  \plain\f1\fs18\cf0 projects\plain\f0\fs18\cf0  \plain\f1\fs18\cf0 and much more\plain\f0\fs18\cf0 .
\par \plain\f0\fs8\cf0 
\par \plain\f0\fs18\cf0 To visit the site click the \plain\f0\fs18\cf0\i Help\plain\f0\fs18\cf0  button on the main window and select the \plain\f0\fs18\cf0\i Visit \plain\f1\fs18\cf0\i DelphiDabbler\plain\f0\fs18\cf0\i  Website\plain\f0\fs18\cf0  option.
\par \plain\f0\fs8\cf0 
\par \pard \brdrt \brdrs  \plain\f0\fs18\cf0\i 
\par \page 
${\footnote {$}Displaying The About Box}
#{\footnote {#}DISPLAYABOUT}
K{\footnote {K}About box;GUI application;GUI application,about box}
@{\footnote {@}Sub-topic: Describes how to use the Windows application to view the about box.}

\pard \plain \pard \keepn \plain\f0\fs8\cf0 
\par \plain\f0\fs24\cf2\b Displaying The About Box\plain\f0\fs20\cf0 
\par \plain\f0\fs8\cf0  
\par \pard 
\par \plain\f0\fs18\cf0 Click the \plain\f0\fs18\cf0\i Help\plain\f0\fs18\cf0  button and select the \plain\f0\fs18\cf0\i About\plain\f0\fs18\cf0  menu item to display the program's about box. Here you will be able to access the program's copyright and licensing information and be able to determine the version of the program you are using.
\par \plain\f0\fs8\cf0 
\par \pard \brdrt \brdrs  
\par \pard \plain\f0\fs18\cf0\i See also:\plain\f0\fs18\cf0 
\par \plain\f0\fs8\cf0 
\par \{button , JumpID(IDH_COPYRIGHT)\}\pard \fi-400 \li400 \tx400 \plain\f0\fs18\cf0 \tab Copyright and licensing information
\par \page 
${\footnote {$}Using CHI - Command Line Application}
#{\footnote {#}USINGCMDLINE}
K{\footnote {K}Command line application;Command line application,overview}
@{\footnote {@}Using CHI CNT topic: Describes how to use the command line application.}

\pard \plain \pard \keepn \plain\f0\fs8\cf0 
\par \plain\f0\fs24\cf2\b Using the Command Line Application\plain\f0\fs20\cf0 
\par \plain\f0\fs8\cf0  
\par \pard 
\par \plain\f0\fs18\cf0 A command line tool, \plain\f0\fs18\cf0\i CHInst\plain\f0\fs18\cf0 , comes bundled with \plain\f0\fs18\cf0\i Component Help Installer\plain\f0\fs18\cf0 . It integrates or de-integrate\plain\f1\fs18\cf0 s\plain\f0\fs18\cf0  \plain\f0\fs18\cf0\i OpenHelp\plain\f0\fs18\cf0  compatible help files with \plain\f0\fs18\cf0\i Delphi\plain\f0\fs18\cf0  v3\plain\f1\fs18\cf0  to v7\plain\f0\fs18\cf0 . The purpose of this tool is to enable component help files to be installed in \plain\f0\fs18\cf0\i Delphi\plain\f0\fs18\cf0  from batch files, installers etc.
\par \plain\f0\fs12\cf0 
\par \plain\f0\fs18\cf0\b Modes of operation\plain\f0\fs18\cf0 
\par \plain\f0\fs8\cf0 
\par \plain\f0\fs18\cf0\i CHInst\plain\f0\fs18\cf0  has three modes of operation:
\par \plain\f0\fs8\cf0 
\par \pard \fi-400 \li400 \tx400 \plain\f0\fs18\cf0 1)\tab {\strike installing help files}{\v CMDLINEINSTALL} into the \plain\f0\fs18\cf0\i Delphi\plain\f0\fs18\cf0  IDE.
\par 2)\tab {\strike uninstalling help files}{\v CMDLINEUNINSTALL} registered by the GUI application\plain\f1\fs18\cf0  \plain\f0\fs18\cf0 or \plain\f0\fs18\cf0\i CHInst\plain\f0\fs18\cf0 .
\par 3)\tab {\strike displaying help information}{\v CMDLINEHELP} on the console.
\par \plain\f0\fs8\cf0 
\par \pard \plain\f0\fs18\cf0 To simplify installation and uninstallation on different versions of \plain\f0\fs18\cf0\i Delphi\plain\f0\fs18\cf0 , \plain\f0\fs18\cf0\i CHInst\plain\f0\fs18\cf0  supports the use of {\strike file path macros}{\v FILEPATHMACROS}.
\par \plain\f0\fs12\cf0 
\par \plain\f0\fs18\cf0\b Return codes\plain\f0\fs18\cf0 
\par \plain\f0\fs8\cf0 
\par \plain\f0\fs18\cf0 If \plain\f0\fs18\cf0\i CHInst\plain\f0\fs18\cf0  successfully completes an installation / uninstallation then the program returns 0 to the operating system or calling program. If an error is encountered a positive number is returned.
\par \plain\f0\fs12\cf0 
\par \plain\f1\fs18\cf0\b Example\plain\f1\fs18\cf0 
\par \plain\f1\fs8\cf0 
\par \plain\f1\fs18\cf0 Click the button below to see an example of using the command line application.\plain\f0\fs18\cf0 
\par \plain\f0\fs8\cf0 
\par \pard \brdrt \brdrs  
\par \pard \plain\f0\fs18\cf0\i See also:\plain\f0\fs18\cf0 
\par \plain\f0\fs8\cf0 
\par \{button , JumpID(USINGGUI)\}\pard \fi-400 \li400 \tx400 \plain\f0\fs18\cf0 \tab Using the Windows application
\par \{button , JumpID(EXAMPLECMDLINE)\}\plain\f1\fs18\cf0 \tab Example\plain\f0\fs18\cf0 
\par \page 
${\footnote {$}Installing Help Files Using The Command Line}
#{\footnote {#}CMDLINEINSTALL}
K{\footnote {K}Installing help files;Command line application;Command line application,installing help files}
@{\footnote {@}Sub-topic: Describes how to use the command line application to install help files.}

\pard \plain \pard \keepn \plain\f0\fs8\cf0 
\par \plain\f0\fs24\cf2\b Installing Help Files Using The Command Line\plain\f0\fs20\cf0 
\par \plain\f0\fs8\cf0  
\par \pard 
\par \plain\f0\fs18\cf0 This topic describes how to install help files using the \plain\f0\fs18\cf0\i CHInst \plain\f0\fs18\cf0 command line tool.
\par \plain\f0\fs8\cf0 
\par \plain\f0\fs18\cf0\i CHInst\plain\f0\fs18\cf0  can:
\par \plain\f0\fs8\cf0 
\par \pard \fi-400 \li400 \tx400 \plain\f0\fs18\cf0 a)\tab copy help files to the required installation folder
\par b)\tab register the help file with Windows
\par c)\tab record a description of the file that appears in help find dialogs
\par d)\tab work with any version of Delphi from v3 onwards
\par \pard \plain\f0\fs8\cf0 
\par \plain\f0\fs18\cf0 The command to issue to install a help file \plain\f1\fs18\cf0 (all on one line) \plain\f0\fs18\cf0 is:
\par \plain\f0\fs8\cf0 
\par \pard \li400 \keep \plain\f3\fs18\cf0 CHInst [-i] \plain\f3\fs18\cf0\i source_help_file\plain\f3\fs18\cf0 
\par \pard \li800 \keep [-c \plain\f3\fs18\cf0\i dest_help_file\plain\f3\fs18\cf0 ]\plain\f0\fs18\cf0 
\par \plain\f3\fs18\cf0 [-d \plain\f3\fs18\cf0\i description\plain\f3\fs18\cf0 ] [-v\plain\f3\fs18\cf0\i X\plain\f3\fs18\cf0 ] [-q]\plain\f0\fs18\cf0 
\par \pard \plain\f0\fs8\cf0 
\par \plain\f0\fs18\cf0 The switches and parameters are described below.
\par \plain\f0\fs12\cf0 
\par \plain\f0\fs18\cf0\b the -i switch\plain\f0\fs18\cf0 
\par \plain\f0\fs8\cf0 
\par \plain\f0\fs18\cf0 This switch is optional. It tells \plain\f0\fs18\cf0\i CHInst\plain\f0\fs18\cf0  to perform an installation rather than an uninstallation. Leaving the switch out has the same effect as including it. 
\par \plain\f0\fs8\cf0 
\par \plain\f0\fs18\cf0 If provided the -i switch must be the first item on the command line. \plain\f0\fs18\cf0\i source_help_file\plain\f0\fs18\cf0  specifies the name of the help file to be installed. This parameter is compulsory and must follow the -i switch where provided, or be the first parameter if the -i switch is omitted.
\par \plain\f0\fs8\cf0 
\par \plain\f0\fs18\cf0 The \plain\f0\fs18\cf0\i source_help_file\plain\f0\fs18\cf0  path can include a {\strike file path macro}{\v FILEPATHMACROS}.
\par \plain\f0\fs12\cf0 
\par \plain\f0\fs18\cf0\b the -c switch
\par \plain\f0\fs8\cf0 
\par \plain\f0\fs18\cf0 If the -c switch is used then \plain\f0\fs18\cf0\i source_help_file\plain\f0\fs18\cf0  is copied to \plain\f0\fs18\cf0\i dest_help_file\plain\f0\fs18\cf0  and \plain\f0\fs18\cf0\i dest_help_file\plain\f0\fs18\cf0  is registered with the Delphi IDE. If the -c switch is not used then the help file given by \plain\f0\fs18\cf0\i source_help_file\plain\f0\fs18\cf0  is registered with Delphi and integrated into the IDE.
\par \plain\f0\fs8\cf0 
\par \plain\f0\fs18\cf0 The \plain\f0\fs18\cf0\i dest_help_file\plain\f0\fs18\cf0  path can include a file path macro.
\par \plain\f0\fs12\cf0 
\par \plain\f0\fs18\cf0\b the -d switch\plain\f0\fs18\cf0 
\par \plain\f0\fs8\cf0 
\par \plain\f0\fs18\cf0 This switch registers the following parameter as a \plain\f0\fs18\cf0\i description\plain\f0\fs18\cf0  of the help file with the Delphi IDE. The \plain\f0\fs18\cf0\i description\plain\f0\fs18\cf0  appears in topic list dialogs. (The \plain\f0\fs18\cf0\i description\plain\f0\fs18\cf0  parameter must be enclosed in "" quotes if it contains spaces).
\par \plain\f0\fs12\cf0 
\par \plain\f0\fs18\cf0\b the -v switch\plain\f0\fs18\cf0 
\par \plain\f0\fs8\cf0 
\par \plain\f0\fs18\cf0 This switch tells \plain\f0\fs18\cf0\i CHInst\plain\f0\fs18\cf0  which version of Delphi the help file is to be registered with. Replace \plain\f0\fs18\cf0\i X\plain\f0\fs18\cf0  with the version of Delphi required - from 2 to \plain\f1\fs18\cf0 7\plain\f0\fs18\cf0 , e.g. -v5 for Delphi 5. If this switch is not provided then Delphi 4 is assumed.
\par \plain\f0\fs12\cf0 
\par \plain\f0\fs18\cf0\b the -q switch\plain\f0\fs18\cf0 
\par \plain\f0\fs8\cf0 
\par \plain\f0\fs18\cf0 This switch makes the program operate without generating any screen output. This is useful when calling \plain\f0\fs18\cf0\i CHInst\plain\f0\fs18\cf0  from batch files or installers where no screen output is required.
\par \plain\f0\fs8\cf0 
\par \pard \brdrt \brdrs \plain\f1\fs8\cf0  \plain\f0\fs8\cf0 
\par \pard \plain\f0\fs18\cf0\i See also:\plain\f0\fs18\cf0 
\par \plain\f0\fs8\cf0 
\par \{button , JumpID(CMDLINEUNINSTALL)\}\pard \fi-400 \li400 \tx400 \plain\f0\fs18\cf0 \tab Uninstall help files using the command line
\par \{button , JumpID(EXAMPLECMDLINE)\}\plain\f1\fs18\cf0 \tab Command line application example\plain\f0\fs18\cf0 
\par \page 
${\footnote {$}Uninstall Help Files Using The Command Line}
#{\footnote {#}CMDLINEUNINSTALL}
K{\footnote {K}Uninstalling help files;Command line application;Command line application,uninstalling help files}
@{\footnote {@}Sub-topic: Describes how to use the command line application to uninstall help files.}

\pard \plain \pard \keepn \plain\f0\fs8\cf0 
\par \plain\f0\fs24\cf2\b Uninstall Help Files Using The Command Line\plain\f0\fs20\cf0 
\par \plain\f0\fs8\cf0  
\par \pard 
\par \plain\f0\fs18\cf0 This topic describes how to uninstall help files using the \plain\f0\fs18\cf0\i CHInst\plain\f0\fs18\cf0  command line tool.
\par \plain\f0\fs8\cf0 
\par \plain\f0\fs18\cf0\i CHInst\plain\f0\fs18\cf0  can uninstall (de-integrate) help files from \plain\f0\fs18\cf0\i Delphi\plain\f0\fs18\cf0 . It can optionally delete the help file and / or unregister it with Windows. The program can only be used to uninstall help files that were installed using version 2 or later of the GUI application or command line tool.
\par \plain\f0\fs8\cf0 
\par \plain\f0\fs18\cf0 The command to issue unistall a previusly installed help file is:
\par \plain\f0\fs8\cf0 
\par \pard \li400 \keep \plain\f3\fs18\cf0 CHInst -u \plain\f3\fs18\cf0\i help_file\plain\f3\fs18\cf0  [-r] [-x] [-v\plain\f3\fs18\cf0\i X\plain\f3\fs18\cf0 ]\plain\f0\fs18\cf0 
\par \pard \plain\f0\fs8\cf0 
\par \plain\f0\fs18\cf0 The switches and parameters are described below.
\par \plain\f0\fs12\cf0 
\par \plain\f0\fs18\cf0\b the -u switch\plain\f0\fs18\cf0 
\par \plain\f0\fs8\cf0 
\par \plain\f0\fs18\cf0 This switch is required for uninstallation. The following \plain\f0\fs18\cf0\i help_file\plain\f0\fs18\cf0  name specifies the path and file name of the file being uninstalled. The -u switch must be the first item on the command line.
\par \plain\f0\fs8\cf0 
\par \plain\f0\fs18\cf0 The \plain\f0\fs18\cf0\i help_file\plain\f0\fs18\cf0  name can include a {\strike file path macro}{\v FILEPATHMACROS}.
\par \plain\f0\fs12\cf0 
\par \plain\f0\fs18\cf0\b the -r switch\plain\f0\fs18\cf0 
\par \plain\f0\fs8\cf0 
\par \plain\f0\fs18\cf0 Use this switch if the help file is to be unregistered with Windows (i.e. its entry is deleted from the registry).
\par \plain\f0\fs12\cf0 
\par \plain\f0\fs18\cf0\b the -x switch\plain\f0\fs18\cf0 
\par \plain\f0\fs8\cf0 
\par \plain\f0\fs18\cf0 This switch causes the help file to be physically deleted. Use with care.
\par \plain\f0\fs12\cf0 
\par \plain\f0\fs18\cf0\b the -v switch\plain\f0\fs18\cf0 
\par \plain\f0\fs8\cf0 
\par \plain\f0\fs18\cf0 This switch tells \plain\f0\fs18\cf0\i CHInst\plain\f0\fs18\cf0  which version of \plain\f0\fs18\cf0\i Delphi\plain\f0\fs18\cf0  the help file is to be uninstalled from. Replace \plain\f0\fs18\cf0\i X\plain\f0\fs18\cf0  with the version of \plain\f0\fs18\cf0\i Delphi\plain\f0\fs18\cf0  required - from 2 to \plain\f1\fs18\cf0 7\plain\f0\fs18\cf0 , e.g. -v5 for \plain\f0\fs18\cf0\i Delphi 5\plain\f0\fs18\cf0 . If this switch is not provided then \plain\f0\fs18\cf0\i Delphi 4\plain\f0\fs18\cf0  is assumed.
\par \plain\f0\fs12\cf0 
\par \plain\f0\fs18\cf0\b the -q switch\plain\f0\fs18\cf0 
\par \plain\f0\fs8\cf0 
\par \plain\f0\fs18\cf0 This switch makes the program operate without generating any screen output. This is useful when calling \plain\f0\fs18\cf0\i CHInst\plain\f0\fs18\cf0  from batch files or (un)installers where no screen output is required.
\par \plain\f0\fs8\cf0 
\par \pard \brdrt \brdrs  
\par \pard \plain\f0\fs18\cf0\i See also:\plain\f0\fs18\cf0 
\par \plain\f0\fs8\cf0 
\par \{button , JumpID(CMDLINEINSTALL)\}\pard \fi-400 \li400 \tx400 \plain\f0\fs18\cf0 \tab Install help files using the command line
\par \{button , JumpID(EXAMPLECMDLINE)\}\plain\f1\fs18\cf0 \tab Command line application example\plain\f0\fs18\cf0 
\par \page 
${\footnote {$}Getting Help For The Command Line Tool}
#{\footnote {#}CMDLINEHELP}
K{\footnote {K}Getting help;Command line application;Command line application,displaying help}
@{\footnote {@}Sub-topic: Describes how to use the command line application to display brief help information on the console.}

\pard \plain \pard \keepn \plain\f0\fs8\cf0 
\par \plain\f0\fs24\cf2\b Getting Help For The Command Line Tool\plain\f0\fs20\cf0 
\par \plain\f0\fs8\cf0  
\par \pard 
\par \plain\f0\fs18\cf0\i CHInst\plain\f0\fs18\cf0  can be requested to display help about using the program\plain\f1\fs18\cf0 . There are two types of help available by issuing the following commands.\plain\f0\fs18\cf0 
\par \plain\f0\fs8\cf0 
\par \pard \fi-1400 \li1800 \tx1800 \plain\f3\fs18\cf0 CHInst -h\plain\f4\fs18\cf0 \tab displays the CHI Windows help file at the "{\strike Using the Command Line Application}{\v USINGCMDLINE}" topic.
\par \pard \plain\f0\fs18\cf0\i or\plain\f0\fs18\cf0  
\par \pard \fi-1400 \li1800 \tx1800 \plain\f3\fs18\cf0 CHInst -?\plain\f4\fs18\cf0 \tab displays a brief description of the command line parameters on the console.
\par \pard \plain\f0\fs8\cf0 
\par \plain\f0\fs18\cf0 No other parameters should be provided.
\par \plain\f0\fs8\cf0 
\par \pard \fi-400 \li400 \tx400 \brdrt \brdrs  \plain\f0\fs18\cf0 
\par \page 
${\footnote {$}Command Line Application Example}
#{\footnote {#}EXAMPLECMDLINE}
K{\footnote {K}Command line application;Command line application,example}
@{\footnote {@}Using CHI CNT topic: Example of using the command line application.}

\pard \plain \pard \keepn \plain\f0\fs8\cf0 
\par \plain\f0\fs24\cf2\b Command Line Application\plain\f1\fs24\cf2\b  Example\plain\f0\fs20\cf0 
\par \plain\f0\fs8\cf0  
\par \pard 
\par \plain\f1\fs18\cf0 In this example we'll create a batch file to install the DelphiDabbler Version Information component's help file into a selected version of Delphi. (A copy of the component is available from the \plain\f1\fs18\cf2 DelphiDabbler website\plain\f1\fs18\cf0 ).
\par \plain\f1\fs8\cf0 
\par \plain\f1\fs18\cf0 We will pass the required version as a parameter to the batch file, along with a switch indicating whether to install or uninstall. We will also flag up any errors. The batch file assumes that the \plain\f1\fs18\cf0\i TPJVersionInfo\plain\f1\fs18\cf0  help file - \plain\f3\fs18\cf0 PJVersionInfo.hlp\plain\f1\fs18\cf0  has been copied to the system's TEMP folder which we find by accessing the %TEMP% environment variable from the batch file.
\par \plain\f1\fs8\cf0 
\par \plain\f1\fs18\cf0 Here's the batch file (the line numbers are for reference only and are not part of the file. Note that some lines below have had to be folded over to display all the required information - they should be entered all on one line. The batch file needs to be executed from the same folder as the CHInst program.
\par \plain\f1\fs8\cf0 
\par \pard \keep \plain\f3\fs18\cf0 01  @echo off
\par \plain\f3\fs18\cf2 02  \plain\f3\fs18\cf0 if "%1" == "" goto err1
\par \plain\f3\fs18\cf2 03  \plain\f3\fs18\cf0 if "%2" == "" goto err2
\par \plain\f3\fs18\cf2 04  \plain\f3\fs18\cf0 if "%1" == "install" goto install
\par \plain\f3\fs18\cf2 05  \plain\f3\fs18\cf0 if "%1" == "uninstall" goto uninstall
\par \plain\f3\fs18\cf2 06  \plain\f3\fs18\cf0 goto err1
\par \plain\f3\fs18\cf2 07  \plain\f3\fs18\cf0 :install
\par \plain\f3\fs18\cf2 08  \plain\f3\fs18\cf0 chinst -i "%TEMP%\\PJVersionInfo.hlp" -q -c 
\par     $(HELP)\\PJVI.hlp 
\par     -d "Delphi Dabbler Version Info Component" -v%2 
\par \plain\f3\fs18\cf2 09  \plain\f3\fs18\cf0 if ERRORLEVEL 1 goto errinst
\par \plain\f3\fs18\cf2 10  \plain\f3\fs18\cf0 echo File installed to Delphi %2
\par \plain\f3\fs18\cf2 11  \plain\f3\fs18\cf0 goto end
\par \plain\f3\fs18\cf2 12  \plain\f3\fs18\cf0 :uninstall
\par \plain\f3\fs18\cf2 13  \plain\f3\fs18\cf0 chinst -u $(HELP)\\PJVI.hlp -q -r -x -v%2
\par \plain\f3\fs18\cf2 14  \plain\f3\fs18\cf0 if ERRORLEVEL 1 goto errinst
\par \plain\f3\fs18\cf2 15  \plain\f3\fs18\cf0 echo File uninstalled from Delphi %2
\par \plain\f3\fs18\cf2 16  \plain\f3\fs18\cf0 goto end
\par \plain\f3\fs18\cf2 17  \plain\f3\fs18\cf0 :errinst
\par \plain\f3\fs18\cf2 18  \plain\f3\fs18\cf0 echo CHINST return error %ERRORLEVEL%
\par \plain\f3\fs18\cf2 19  \plain\f3\fs18\cf0 goto end
\par \plain\f3\fs18\cf2 20  \plain\f3\fs18\cf0 :err1
\par \plain\f3\fs18\cf2 21  \plain\f3\fs18\cf0 echo First parameter must be "install" or "uninstall"
\par \plain\f3\fs18\cf2 22  \plain\f3\fs18\cf0 goto end
\par \plain\f3\fs18\cf2 23  \plain\f3\fs18\cf0 :err2
\par \plain\f3\fs18\cf2 24  \plain\f3\fs18\cf0 echo 2nd parameter (Delphi version) required
\par \plain\f3\fs18\cf2 25  \plain\f3\fs18\cf0 :end
\par \pard \plain\f1\fs8\cf0 
\par \plain\f1\fs18\cf0 The batch file works as follows:
\par \plain\f1\fs8\cf0 
\par \pard \fi-400 \li400 \tx400 \plain\f2\fs18\cf0 \'A7\plain\f1\fs18\cf0 \tab Lines 01 to 07 simply check the parameters are OK. 
\par \plain\f1\fs8\cf0 
\par \plain\f2\fs18\cf0 \'A7\plain\f1\fs18\cf0 \tab In lines 08 to 11 we attempt to install the help file and trap any error results (CHI returns > 0 on error) or report OK and end. Note we use a {\strike path macro}{\v FILEPATHMACROS} to install into the required \plain\f3\fs18\cf0 Help\plain\f1\fs18\cf0  folder. We also use the %TEMP% environment variable to find the location of the temporary folder that contains the help file.
\par \plain\f1\fs8\cf0 
\par \plain\f2\fs18\cf0 \'A7\plain\f1\fs18\cf0 \tab Lines 12 to 16 are where the uninstallation is performed and either success or error are reported. Note that we are both removing the help file's registry entry (-r) and deleting the file copy (-x) - so be careful not to use this script where a help file is installed in >1 version of Delphi. 
\par \plain\f1\fs8\cf0 
\par \plain\f2\fs18\cf0 \'A7\plain\f1\fs18\cf0 \tab Lines 17 to 19 are used to report any error codes returned from the program, while lines 20 to 24 report any problems with parameters.
\par \pard \plain\f0\fs8\cf0  \plain\f1\fs8\cf0 .\plain\f0\fs8\cf0 
\par \pard \brdrt \brdrs  
\par \pard \plain\f0\fs18\cf0\i See also:\plain\f0\fs18\cf0 
\par \plain\f0\fs8\cf0 
\par \{button , JumpID(CMDLINEINSTALL)\}\pard \fi-400 \li400 \tx400 \plain\f0\fs18\cf0 \tab \plain\f1\fs18\cf0 Installing help files using the command line application
\par \{button , JumpID(CMDLINEUNINSTALL)\}\tab Uninstalling help files using the command line application\plain\f0\fs18\cf0 
\par \page 
${\footnote {$}How It Works - Algorithms}
#{\footnote {#}IDH_HOWITWORKS}
K{\footnote {K}How it works;How it works,installation method}
@{\footnote {@}How It Works CNT topic: describes method used to integrate help files into Delphi. This topic is also accessible from the programs Help button menu.}

\pard \plain \pard \keepn \plain\f0\fs8\cf0 
\par \plain\f0\fs24\cf2\b How CHI Works\plain\f0\fs20\cf0 
\par \plain\f0\fs8\cf0  
\par \pard 
\par \plain\f0\fs18\cf0\b Overview\plain\f0\fs18\cf0 
\par \plain\f0\fs8\cf0 
\par \plain\f0\fs18\cf0\i CHI\plain\f0\fs18\cf0  works quite simply by \plain\f1\fs18\cf0 updating \plain\f1\fs18\cf0\i Delphi\plain\f1\fs18\cf0  help \plain\f0\fs18\cf0 configuration file\plain\f1\fs18\cf0 s\plain\f0\fs18\cf0  \plain\f1\fs18\cf0 with \plain\f0\fs18\cf0 statements required to integrate the help file with the \plain\f0\fs18\cf0\i Delphi OpenHelp\plain\f0\fs18\cf0  system. \plain\f0\fs18\cf0\i Delphi's\plain\f0\fs18\cf0  help contents file is then modified \plain\f1\fs18\cf0 as necessary \plain\f0\fs18\cf0 to refer to the configuration file\plain\f1\fs18\cf0 s\plain\f0\fs18\cf0 . \plain\f1\fs18\cf0\i CHI\plain\f1\fs18\cf0  also maintains a small configuration file to record which help files it has installed. \plain\f0\fs18\cf0 The  registry is also updated to register the help file and its path with Windows.
\par \plain\f0\fs8\cf0 
\par \plain\f1\fs18\cf0\b Please note\plain\f1\fs18\cf0  that, in order to ensure that \plain\f1\fs18\cf0\i Delphi\plain\f1\fs18\cf0  takes note of the changes made when installing and uninstalling, \plain\f1\fs18\cf0\i CHI\plain\f1\fs18\cf0  deletes any existing \plain\f3\fs18\cf0 .gid\plain\f1\fs18\cf0  and \plain\f3\fs18\cf0 .ftg\plain\f1\fs18\cf0  files in the \plain\f1\fs18\cf0\i Delphi\plain\f1\fs18\cf0  \plain\f3\fs18\cf0 Help\plain\f1\fs18\cf0  folder. Since \plain\f3\fs18\cf0 .ftg\plain\f1\fs18\cf0  files store any word indexes used by the \plain\f1\fs18\cf0\i Find\plain\f1\fs18\cf0  tab in \plain\f1\fs18\cf0\i WinHelp\plain\f1\fs18\cf0 , these indexes will need to be rebuilt after installing component help files.\plain\f0\fs18\cf0 
\par 
\par \plain\f0\fs18\cf0\b Installation Details\plain\f0\fs18\cf0 
\par \plain\f0\fs8\cf0 
\par \plain\f1\fs18\cf0\i CHI\plain\f1\fs18\cf0  updates the following \plain\f1\fs18\cf0\i Delphi\plain\f1\fs18\cf0  files, stored in the \plain\f3\fs18\cf0 Help\plain\f1\fs18\cf0  sub folder of the \plain\f1\fs18\cf0\i Delphi\plain\f1\fs18\cf0  installation. (where \plain\f1\fs18\cf0\i X\plain\f1\fs18\cf0  is the \plain\f1\fs18\cf0\i Delphi\plain\f1\fs18\cf0  version number):
\par \plain\f1\fs8\cf0 
\par \pard \tx2000 \tx3600 \brdrb \brdrs \plain\f1\fs18\cf0 \tab \plain\f1\fs18\cf0\i Delphi 3..6\tab Delphi 7\plain\f1\fs18\cf0 
\par \pard \tx2000 \tx3600 \plain\f1\fs8\cf0  \plain\f1\fs18\cf0 Help contents file\tab \plain\f3\fs18\cf0 delphi\plain\f3\fs18\cf0\i X\plain\f3\fs18\cf0 .cnt\tab d7.cnt
\par \plain\f1\fs18\cf0 OpenHelp link file\tab \plain\f3\fs18\cf0 delphi\plain\f3\fs18\cf0\i X\plain\f3\fs18\cf0 .ohi\tab d7.ohi
\par \plain\f1\fs18\cf0 OpenHelp index file\tab \plain\f3\fs18\cf0 delphi\plain\f3\fs18\cf0\i X\plain\f3\fs18\cf0 .ohl\tab d7.ohl
\par \plain\f1\fs18\cf0 CHI Config file\tab \plain\f3\fs18\cf0 CHId\plain\f3\fs18\cf0\i X\plain\f3\fs18\cf0 .cfg\tab CHId7.cfg
\par \pard \brdrt \brdrs \plain\f1\fs8\cf0  \plain\f0\fs8\cf0 
\par \pard \plain\f1\fs18\cf0 For Delphi 6 and 7 \plain\f1\fs18\cf0\i CHI\plain\f1\fs18\cf0  also updates the compiler's \plain\f3\fs18\cf0 .als\plain\f1\fs18\cf0  file. In Delphi 6 this is \plain\f3\fs18\cf0 delphi6.als\plain\f1\fs18\cf0  and in Delphi 7 it is \plain\f3\fs18\cf0 d7.als\plain\f1\fs18\cf0 . This is only done if there an .als file in the same folder as the help file and it has the same name.
\par \plain\f0\fs8\cf0 
\par \plain\f1\fs18\cf0 The files are update as follows, asumming \plain\f0\fs18\cf0 we are installing a file named \plain\f5\fs18\cf0 MyHelpFile.hlp\plain\f0\fs18\cf0  into \plain\f5\fs18\cf0 C:\\MyHelpFolder\plain\f1\fs18\cf0  with a \plain\f0\fs18\cf0 description \plain\f1\fs18\cf0 of \plain\f0\fs18\cf0 "My Description"\plain\f1\fs18\cf0 :
\par \plain\f0\fs8\cf0 
\par \pard \fi-400 \li400 \tx400 \plain\f2\fs18\cf0 \'A7\plain\f0\fs18\cf0 \tab \plain\f1\fs18\cf0 If it doesn't already exist the \plain\f1\fs18\cf0\i CHI\plain\f1\fs18\cf0  config file is created. \plain\f0\fs18\cf0\i Users should never edit this file manually.\plain\f0\fs18\cf0 
\par \pard \plain\f0\fs8\cf0 
\par \pard \fi-400 \li400 \tx400 \plain\f2\fs18\cf0 \'A7\plain\f0\fs18\cf0 \tab The following entr\plain\f1\fs18\cf0 y is\plain\f0\fs18\cf0  added to \plain\f1\fs18\cf0 the \plain\f1\fs18\cf0\i CHI\plain\f1\fs18\cf0  config file:\plain\f0\fs18\cf0 
\par \pard \fi-400 \li1200 \tx400 \plain\f5\fs18\cf0 :\plain\f6\fs18\cf0 Installed\plain\f5\fs18\cf0  MyHelpFile.hlp
\par \pard \plain\f0\fs8\cf0 
\par \pard \fi-400 \li400 \tx400 \plain\f2\fs18\cf0 \'A7\plain\f0\fs18\cf0 \tab \plain\f1\fs18\cf0 The Help contents file is updated to reference the \plain\f1\fs18\cf0\i OpenHelp\plain\f1\fs18\cf0  link and index files by ensuring the file contains the following lines:\plain\f0\fs18\cf0 
\par \pard \fi-400 \li1200 \tx400 \plain\f7\fs18\cf0 :Include delphi4.ohi
\par :Include delphi4.ohl\plain\f0\fs8\cf0 
\par \pard 
\par \pard \fi-400 \li400 \tx400 \plain\f2\fs18\cf0 \'A7\plain\f0\fs18\cf0 \tab \plain\f1\fs18\cf0 The following line is added to the \plain\f1\fs18\cf0\i OpenHelp\plain\f1\fs18\cf0  link file:
\par \pard \fi-400 \li1200 \tx400 \plain\f7\fs18\cf0 :\plain\f3\fs18\cf0 Link\plain\f7\fs18\cf0  \plain\f3\fs18\cf0 MyHelpFile\plain\f7\fs18\cf0 .\plain\f3\fs18\cf0 hlp\plain\f7\fs18\cf0 
\par \pard \fi-400 \li400 \tx400 \plain\f1\fs8\cf0 
\par \plain\f2\fs18\cf0 \'A7\plain\f0\fs18\cf0 \tab \plain\f1\fs18\cf0 The following line is added to the \plain\f1\fs18\cf0\i OpenHelp\plain\f1\fs18\cf0  index file:
\par \pard \fi-400 \li1200 \tx400 \plain\f7\fs18\cf0 :\plain\f3\fs18\cf0 Index My Description=MyHelpFile.hlp\plain\f7\fs18\cf0 
\par \pard \fi-400 \li400 \tx400 \plain\f0\fs8\cf0 
\par \plain\f2\fs18\cf0 \'A7\plain\f0\fs18\cf0 \tab A string value named \plain\f5\fs18\cf0 MyHelpFile.hlp\plain\f0\fs18\cf0  with value \plain\f5\fs18\cf0 C:\\MyHelpFolder \plain\f0\fs18\cf0 is added to the \plain\f5\fs18\cf0 HK\plain\f6\fs18\cf0 LM\plain\f5\fs18\cf0 \\Software\\Microsoft\\Windows\\Help\plain\f0\fs18\cf0  registry key:
\par \plain\f0\fs8\cf0 
\par \plain\f2\fs18\cf0 \'A7\plain\f4\fs18\cf0 \tab In Delphi 6 and 7 \plain\f3\fs18\cf0 .als\plain\f4\fs18\cf0  files are merged into to the main \plain\f3\fs18\cf0 .als\plain\f4\fs18\cf0  file.\plain\f0\fs18\cf0 
\par \pard 
\par \plain\f0\fs18\cf0\b Uninstallation Details\plain\f0\fs18\cf0 
\par \plain\f0\fs8\cf0 
\par \plain\f0\fs18\cf0\i CHI\plain\f0\fs18\cf0  should only be used to uninstall files that is has installed\plain\f1\fs18\cf0  - i.e the files that are listed in the \plain\f1\fs18\cf0\i CHI\plain\f1\fs18\cf0  config file\plain\f0\fs18\cf0 . The\plain\f1\fs18\cf0 se\plain\f0\fs18\cf0  files \plain\f1\fs18\cf0 are \plain\f0\fs18\cf0 displayed on the Remove page of the Windows application. When a help file is uninstalled \plain\f1\fs18\cf0 the following actions take place:
\par \plain\f1\fs8\cf0 
\par \pard \fi-400 \li400 \tx400 \plain\f2\fs18\cf0 \'A7\plain\f1\fs18\cf0 \tab The relevant \plain\f3\fs18\cf0 :Index\plain\f1\fs18\cf0  entry is removed from the \plain\f1\fs18\cf0\i OpenHelp\plain\f1\fs18\cf0  index file
\par \plain\f2\fs18\cf0 \'A7\plain\f1\fs18\cf0 \tab The relevant \plain\f3\fs18\cf0 :Link\plain\f1\fs18\cf0  entry is removed from the \plain\f1\fs18\cf0\i OpenHelp\plain\f1\fs18\cf0  link file
\par \plain\f2\fs18\cf0 \'A7\plain\f1\fs18\cf0 \tab The file's \plain\f3\fs18\cf0 :Installed\plain\f1\fs18\cf0  entry is removed from the \plain\f1\fs18\cf0\i CHI\plain\f1\fs18\cf0  config file. The config file is not deleted when empty.
\par \plain\f2\fs18\cf0 \'A7\plain\f1\fs18\cf0 \tab If the \plain\f0\fs18\cf0 user has specified that the file should be un-registered with Windows then the \plain\f1\fs18\cf0 registry entry under \plain\f5\fs18\cf0 H\plain\f6\fs18\cf0 KLM\plain\f5\fs18\cf0 \\Software\\Microsoft\\Windows\\Help\plain\f0\fs18\cf0  is also deleted.
\par \pard \tx400 \plain\f1\fs8\cf0 
\par \plain\f1\fs18\cf0 Note that the help contents file is \plain\f1\fs18\cf0\b not\plain\f1\fs18\cf0  updated - the \plain\f3\fs18\cf0 :Include\plain\f1\fs18\cf0  lines for the \plain\f1\fs18\cf0\i OpenHelp\plain\f1\fs18\cf0  index and link files may still be required by \plain\f1\fs18\cf0\i OpenHelp\plain\f1\fs18\cf0 . In Delphi 6 and 7 keywords are not removed from the master \plain\f3\fs18\cf0 .als\plain\f1\fs18\cf0  file is not updated - there is no way of knowing if the same keywords are used by other help files.\plain\f0\fs18\cf0 
\par \pard \plain\f0\fs8\cf0 
\par \pard \fi-400 \li400 \tx400 \brdrt \brdrs  \plain\f0\fs18\cf0 
\par \pard \plain\f0\fs18\cf0\i See also:\plain\f0\fs18\cf0 
\par \plain\f0\fs8\cf0 
\par \{button , JumpID(PROGSANDLIBS)\}\pard \fi-400 \li400 \tx400 \plain\f0\fs18\cf0 \tab Programs and libraries
\par \page 
${\footnote {$}How It Works - Programs and Libraries}
#{\footnote {#}PROGSANDLIBS}
K{\footnote {K}How it works;How it works,programs and libraries}
@{\footnote {@}How It Works CNT topic: describes relationship between the various programs and libraries in the suite.}

\pard \plain \pard \keepn \plain\f0\fs8\cf0 
\par \plain\f0\fs24\cf2\b About CHI's Programs and Libraries\plain\f0\fs20\cf0 
\par \plain\f0\fs8\cf0  
\par \pard 
\par \plain\f0\fs18\cf0 CHI2 provides \plain\f1\fs18\cf0 two\plain\f0\fs18\cf0  ways of installing help into Delphi:
\par \plain\f0\fs8\cf0 
\par \pard \fi-400 \li400 \tx400 \plain\f1\fs18\cf0 1\plain\f0\fs18\cf0 )\tab Via a GUI application, \plain\f5\fs18\cf0 CHI.exe\plain\f0\fs18\cf0 
\par \plain\f1\fs18\cf0 2\plain\f0\fs18\cf0 )\tab Via a command line application \plain\f5\fs18\cf0 CHInst.exe\plain\f0\fs18\cf0 
\par \pard \plain\f0\fs8\cf0 
\par \plain\f1\fs18\cf0 T\plain\f0\fs18\cf0 hese methods of interacting with CHI are implemented using\plain\f1\fs18\cf0  the above\plain\f0\fs18\cf0  \plain\f1\fs18\cf0 two executable programs and a DLL, \plain\f5\fs18\cf0 CHInstLib.dll\plain\f1\fs18\cf0 , to provide common functionality.\plain\f0\fs18\cf0 
\par \plain\f0\fs8\cf0 
\par \pard \brdrt \brdrs  
\par \pard \plain\f0\fs18\cf0\i See also:\plain\f0\fs18\cf0 
\par \plain\f0\fs8\cf0 
\par \{button , JumpID(IDH_HOWITWORKS)\}\pard \fi-400 \li400 \tx400 \plain\f0\fs18\cf0 \tab How CHI Works
\par \page 
${\footnote {$}About CHI - Privacy Statement}
#{\footnote {#}IDH_PRIVACY}
K{\footnote {K}Privacy statement}
@{\footnote {@}About CHI CNT topic: gives details of the privacy statement. This topic is also accessible from the Online Registration dialog box.}

\pard \plain \pard \keepn \plain\f0\fs8\cf0 
\par \plain\f0\fs24\cf2\b Privacy Statement\plain\f0\fs20\cf0 
\par \plain\f0\fs8\cf0  
\par \pard 
\par \pard \tx400 \plain\f0\fs18\cf0 When you contact \plain\f1\fs18\cf0 DelphiDabbler,\plain\f0\fs18\cf0  any personal information you provide will not be abused. \plain\f1\fs18\cf0 Any email address you provide will be used only to reply to you about any specific query. It will not be added to any mailing list without your express request.
\par \pard \plain\f0\fs8\cf0 
\par \plain\f0\fs18\cf0 Note that no personal details will be \plain\f1\fs18\cf0 intentionally \plain\f0\fs18\cf0 disclosed to any other company or individual, nor will they be published on the author's website.
\par \plain\f0\fs8\cf0 
\par \pard \brdrt \brdrs  
\par \pard \plain\f0\fs18\cf0\i 
\par \page 
${\footnote {$}About CHI - Copyright and Licensing}
#{\footnote {#}IDH_COPYRIGHT}
K{\footnote {K}Copyright;License}
@{\footnote {@}About CHI CNT topic: gives copyright information. This topic is displayed by clicking the "More info" label in the about box.}

\pard \plain \pard \keepn \plain\f0\fs8\cf0 
\par \plain\f0\fs24\cf2\b Copyright and Licensing\plain\f0\fs20\cf0 
\par \plain\f0\fs8\cf0  
\par \pard 
\par \plain\f1\fs18\cf0 This program is copyright \'A9 2001-2010\plain\f0\fs18\cf0  - \plain\f1\fs18\cf0 Peter D Johnson (www.delphidabbler.com), Wales UK.
\par \plain\f0\fs8\cf0 
\par \plain\f1\fs18\cf0 The complete end user license agreement is included in the Component Help Installer installation. See \plain\f3\fs18\cf0 License.rtf\plain\f1\fs18\cf0 .
\par \plain\f1\fs8\cf0 
\par \plain\f1\fs18\cf0 CHI is open source software. Portions of the source code are released under the Mozilla Public License.
\par \plain\f0\fs8\cf0 
\par \plain\f0\fs18\cf0 No warranty is made about the suitability of this software for any application. It is provided "as-is" and is used at your own risk.\plain\f1\fs18\cf0  Please see \plain\f3\fs18\cf0 License.rtf\plain\f1\fs18\cf0  for the complete disclaimer.\plain\f0\fs18\cf0 
\par \plain\f0\fs8\cf0 
\par \pard \fi-400 \li400 \tx400 \brdrt \brdrs  \plain\f0\fs18\cf0 
\par \page 
${\footnote {$}About CHI - Author}
#{\footnote {#}AUTHOR}
K{\footnote {K}Author;DelphiDabbler}
@{\footnote {@}About CHI CNT topic: information about the author, with email and web links.}

\pard \plain \pard \keepn \plain\f0\fs8\cf0 
\par \plain\f0\fs24\cf2\b About the Author\plain\f0\fs20\cf0 
\par \plain\f0\fs8\cf0  
\par \pard 
\par \plain\f0\fs18\cf0 I'm Peter Johnson - a hobbyist programmer living in Ceredigion in West Wales, UK. I write mainly in Delphi\plain\f1\fs18\cf0  (and PHP for web programming)\plain\f0\fs18\cf0 . 
\par \plain\f0\fs8\cf0 
\par \plain\f1\fs18\cf0 My work is \plain\f0\fs18\cf0 available from \plain\f1\fs18\cf0 my\plain\f0\fs18\cf0  {\strike website}{\v VISITWEBSITE}.
\par \plain\f0\fs8\cf0 
\par \pard \fi-400 \li400 \tx400 \brdrt \brdrs  \plain\f0\fs18\cf0 
\par \page 
${\footnote {$}Dlg box - Choose Help File}
#{\footnote {#}IDH_DLG_CHOOSEHELP}
@{\footnote {@}Dlg box topic: Information about using the "Choose help file" dialog box. This topic is also available from the help button in the dialog box.}

\pard \plain \pard \keepn \plain\f0\fs8\cf0 
\par \plain\f0\fs24\cf2\b Choose Help File Dialog Box\plain\f0\fs20\cf0 
\par \plain\f0\fs8\cf0  
\par \pard 
\par \plain\f0\fs18\cf0 Select the help file you wish to install and click \plain\f0\fs18\cf0\i OK\plain\f0\fs18\cf0 . The full path of the chosen file is entered in the main Window's \plain\f0\fs18\cf0\i Help file\plain\f0\fs18\cf0  edit box on the Install page. The file name can be manually edited in the edit box.
\par \plain\f0\fs8\cf0 
\par \plain\f0\fs18\cf0 Click \plain\f0\fs18\cf0\i Cancel\plain\f0\fs18\cf0  to close the dialog box without updating the edit box.
\par \plain\f0\fs8\cf0 
\par \pard \fi-400 \li400 \tx400 \brdrt \brdrs  \plain\f0\fs18\cf0 
\par \page 
${\footnote {$}Dlg box - Choose Destination Folder}
#{\footnote {#}IDH_DLG_CHOOSEDESTFOLDER}
@{\footnote {@}Dlg box topic: Information about using the "Choose desitnation folder" dialog box. This topic is also available from the help button in the dialog box.}

\pard \plain \pard \keepn \plain\f0\fs8\cf0 
\par \plain\f0\fs24\cf2\b Choose Destination Folder Dialog Box\plain\f0\fs20\cf0 
\par \plain\f0\fs8\cf0  
\par \pard 
\par \plain\f0\fs18\cf0 Use this dialog box to select the folder where you wish to install the help file. 
\par \plain\f0\fs8\cf0 
\par \plain\f0\fs18\cf0 The selected folder selected must be a local fixed drive - removable, RAM or remote drives can not be used, and the \plain\f0\fs18\cf0\i OK\plain\f0\fs18\cf0  button will be disable when invalid folders are selected. 
\par \plain\f0\fs8\cf0 
\par \plain\f0\fs18\cf0 Click \plain\f0\fs18\cf0\i OK\plain\f0\fs18\cf0  to accept the chosen folder. The full path to the folder is entered in the \plain\f0\fs18\cf0\i Copy help file to\plain\f0\fs18\cf0  edit box on the main program window.
\par \plain\f0\fs8\cf0 
\par \plain\f0\fs18\cf0 Click \plain\f0\fs18\cf0\i Cancel\plain\f0\fs18\cf0  to close the dialog box without updating the edit box.
\par \plain\f0\fs8\cf0 
\par \pard \fi-400 \li400 \tx400 \brdrt \brdrs  \plain\f0\fs18\cf0 
\par \page 
${\footnote {$}File Path Macros}
#{\footnote {#}FILEPATHMACROS}
K{\footnote {K}File path macros}
@{\footnote {@}General sub-topic: explains use of file path macros in the GUI and command line versions of CHI.}

\pard \plain \pard \keepn \plain\f0\fs8\cf0 
\par \plain\f0\fs24\cf2\b File Path Macros\plain\f0\fs20\cf0 
\par \plain\f0\fs8\cf0  
\par \pard 
\par \plain\f0\fs18\cf0 To assist in accessing files in Delphi's folders (the usual location for help files is in the Help subfolder of a Delphi installation), the following macros can be included at the start of file names  These macros work with the Windows application\plain\f1\fs18\cf0  and \plain\f0\fs18\cf0 the \plain\f0\fs18\cf0\i CHInst\plain\f0\fs18\cf0  command line tool.
\par \plain\f0\fs8\cf0 
\par \pard \fi-400 \li400 \tx400 \plain\f2\fs18\cf0 \'A7\plain\f0\fs18\cf0 \tab \plain\f5\fs18\cf0 $(ROOT)\plain\f0\fs18\cf0  - this macro is replaced by the path to the root folder of the Delphi installation.
\par \plain\f2\fs18\cf0 \'A7\plain\f0\fs18\cf0 \tab \plain\f5\fs18\cf0 $(HELP)\plain\f0\fs18\cf0  - this macro is replaced by the path to the help folder of the Delphi installation.
\par \pard \plain\f0\fs8\cf0 
\par \plain\f0\fs18\cf0 In both cases the installation accessed is the selected version of Delphi. How the version is determined depends on the tool being used:
\par \plain\f0\fs8\cf0 
\par \pard \fi-400 \li400 \tx400 \plain\f2\fs18\cf0 \'A7\plain\f0\fs18\cf0 \tab \plain\f0\fs18\cf0\i Windows application:\plain\f0\fs18\cf0  the version of Delphi selected in the combo box.
\par \plain\f2\fs18\cf0 \'A7\plain\f0\fs18\cf0 \tab \plain\f0\fs18\cf0\i Command line tool:\plain\f0\fs18\cf0  the version of Delphi specified in the -v command line switch.
\par \plain\f0\fs8\cf0 
\par \pard \plain\f0\fs18\cf0 To use file path macros in the GUI, simply enter them at the start of a path name in the relevant edit box. To use on the command line type the macro name at the start of  a file name.
\par \plain\f0\fs12\cf0 
\par \plain\f0\fs18\cf0\b Example using command line tool\plain\f0\fs18\cf0 
\par \plain\f0\fs8\cf0 
\par \plain\f0\fs18\cf0 To install a help file that has been unzipped into \plain\f3\fs18\cf0 C:\\Unzip\plain\f0\fs18\cf0  into Delphi \plain\f1\fs18\cf0 6\plain\f0\fs18\cf0 's help folder, using the command line tool use:
\par \plain\f0\fs8\cf0 
\par \pard \li400 \keep \plain\f3\fs18\cf0 CHInst -i C:\\Unzip\\MyHelp.hlp -c\plain\f4\fs18\cf0 
\par \pard \li800 \keep \plain\f3\fs18\cf0 $(HELP)\\MyHelp.hlp -v6\plain\f0\fs18\cf0 
\par \plain\f3\fs18\cf0 -d "My Help Description"\plain\f0\fs18\cf0 
\par \pard \plain\f0\fs8\cf0 
\par \plain\f0\fs18\cf0 ensuring the command is all entered on one line.
\par \plain\f0\fs8\cf0 
\par \plain\f0\fs18\cf0 And, to uninstall the file use
\par \plain\f0\fs8\cf0 
\par \pard \li400 \keep \plain\f3\fs18\cf0 CHInst -u $(HELP)\\  MyHelp.hlp -r -x -v3\plain\f0\fs18\cf0 
\par \pard \plain\f0\fs12\cf0 
\par \plain\f0\fs18\cf0\b Example using Windows application\plain\f0\fs18\cf0 
\par \plain\f0\fs8\cf0 
\par \plain\f0\fs18\cf0 To perform the same installation as above, select the install page and:
\par \plain\f0\fs8\cf0 
\par \pard \fi-400 \li400 \tx400 \plain\f2\fs18\cf0 \'A7\plain\f0\fs18\cf0 \tab Enter \plain\f0\fs18\cf0\i C:\\Unzip\\MyHelp.hlp\plain\f0\fs18\cf0  in the \plain\f0\fs18\cf0\i Help file\plain\f0\fs18\cf0  edit box\plain\f0\fs18\cf0\i .\plain\f0\fs18\cf0 
\par \plain\f2\fs18\cf0 \'A7\plain\f0\fs18\cf0 \tab Enter \plain\f0\fs18\cf0\i $(HELP)\\MyHelp.hlp\plain\f0\fs18\cf0  in the \plain\f0\fs18\cf0\i Copy to\plain\f0\fs18\cf0  edit box.
\par \plain\f2\fs18\cf0 \'A7\plain\f0\fs18\cf0 \tab Select \plain\f0\fs18\cf0\i 3\plain\f0\fs18\cf0  in the \plain\f0\fs18\cf0\i Delphi\plain\f0\fs18\cf0  combo box.
\par \plain\f2\fs18\cf0 \'A7\plain\f0\fs18\cf0 \tab Click the \plain\f0\fs18\cf0\i Install\plain\f0\fs18\cf0  button.
\par \pard \tx400 \plain\f0\fs8\cf0 
\par \plain\f0\fs18\cf0 Uninstallation is acheived by selecting the installed file from the combo box on the \plain\f0\fs18\cf0\i Remove\plain\f0\fs18\cf0  page and clicking the \plain\f0\fs18\cf0\i Remove\plain\f0\fs18\cf0  button.\plain\f0\fs18\cf0\i 
\par \pard \plain\f0\fs8\cf0 
\par \pard \brdrt \brdrs  \plain\f0\fs18\cf0 
\par \page 
${\footnote {$}Version drop down}
#{\footnote {#}IDH_POPUP_VERSIONCOMBO}
@{\footnote {@}What's this help popup: describes use of Delphi version numbers drop-down list.}

\pard \plain \plain\f0\fs16\cf0\b Delphi version\plain\f0\fs16\cf0 
\par This drop-down list displays all the versions of Delphi on this system that support OpenHelp. Choose the target version for this installation.
\par \page 
${\footnote {$}Close button}
#{\footnote {#}IDH_POPUP_CLOSEBTN}
@{\footnote {@}What's this help popup: describes Close button.}

\pard \plain \plain\f1\fs16\cf0\b Close button\plain\f0\fs16\cf0 
\par \plain\f1\fs16\cf0 Click this button to close the program.\plain\f0\fs16\cf0 
\par \page 
${\footnote {$}Help button}
#{\footnote {#}IDH_POPUP_HELPBTN}
@{\footnote {@}What's this help popup: describes Help button.}

\pard \plain \plain\f1\fs16\cf0\b Help button\plain\f0\fs16\cf0 
\par \plain\f1\fs16\cf0 Clicking this drops down a menu of available help and related items:
\par \pard \fi-240 \li240 \tx240 \plain\f2\fs16\cf0 \'A7\plain\f1\fs16\cf0 \tab Contents - displays help contents page
\par \plain\f2\fs16\cf0 \'A7\plain\f1\fs16\cf0 \tab How CHI Works - describes how CHI installs open help
\par \plain\f2\fs16\cf0 \'A7\plain\f1\fs16\cf0 \tab Visit the DelphiDabbler Website - click to go online to the website (CHI updates are published here)
\par \plain\f2\fs16\cf0 \'A7\plain\f1\fs16\cf0 \tab About - about box and copyright information.\plain\f0\fs18\cf0 
\par \page 
${\footnote {$}Help file edit box and button}
#{\footnote {#}IDH_POPUP_HELPFILEEDIT}
@{\footnote {@}What's this help popup: describes help file edit box and button on Install page.}

\pard \plain \plain\f1\fs16\cf0\b Help file\plain\f0\fs16\cf0 
\par \plain\f1\fs16\cf0 Enter the name of the help file to be installed in the edit control or click the adjacent Browse button and choose the file from a dialog box. You can also drag a help file from Explorer and drop it anywhere on the window.\plain\f0\fs18\cf0 
\par \page 
${\footnote {$}Copy to edit box and button}
#{\footnote {#}IDH_POPUP_HELPFILEDESTEDIT}
@{\footnote {@}What's this help popup: describes Copy To edit box and browse button on Install page.}

\pard \plain \plain\f1\fs16\cf0\b Copy to\plain\f0\fs16\cf0 
\par \plain\f1\fs16\cf0 Enter the name of the folder the help file named above is to be installed into in the edit box or click the adjacent Browse button and choose the folder from a dialog box. If this control is left blank, the help file will be installed in its current location.\plain\f0\fs18\cf0 
\par \page 
${\footnote {$}Description edit control}
#{\footnote {#}IDH_POPUP_DESCEDIT}
@{\footnote {@}What's this help popup: describes Description edit box.}

\pard \plain \plain\f1\fs16\cf0\b Description\plain\f0\fs16\cf0 
\par \plain\f1\fs16\cf0 Enter a brief description of the help file here (optional).\plain\f0\fs18\cf0 
\par \page 
${\footnote {$}Install button}
#{\footnote {#}IDH_POPUP_INSTALLBTN}
@{\footnote {@}What's this help popup: information on using Install button.}

\pard \plain \plain\f1\fs16\cf0\b Install button\plain\f0\fs16\cf0 
\par \plain\f1\fs16\cf0 Click this button to install the help file named in the "Help file" edit control. Ensure that the required information is entered above.\plain\f0\fs18\cf0 
\par \page 
${\footnote {$}Help file combo}
#{\footnote {#}IDH_POPUP_HELPFILECOMBO}
@{\footnote {@}What's this help popup: information about the file combo box on the Remove tab.}

\pard \plain \plain\f1\fs16\cf0\b Help file\plain\f0\fs16\cf0 
\par \plain\f1\fs16\cf0 Lists the help files that have been installed into this version of Delphi by CHI. Select a file to remove.\plain\f0\fs18\cf0 
\par \page 
${\footnote {$}Remove file reference from registry}
#{\footnote {#}IDH_POPUP_UNREGCHK}
@{\footnote {@}What's this help popup: information about the "Remove file reference from registry" check box on Remove tab.}

\pard \plain \plain\f1\fs16\cf0\b Remove file reference from registry\plain\f0\fs16\cf0 
\par \plain\f1\fs16\cf0 Check this box to remove the reference to the help file from the Windows registry when uninstalling.\plain\f0\fs18\cf0 
\par \page 
${\footnote {$}Delete the help file}
#{\footnote {#}IDH_POPUP_DELETEFILECHK}
@{\footnote {@}What's this help popup: information about the "Delete the help file" check box on Remove tab.}

\pard \plain \plain\f1\fs16\cf0\b Delete the help file\plain\f0\fs16\cf0 
\par \plain\f1\fs16\cf0 Check this box to delete the help file from disk when uninstalling.\plain\f0\fs18\cf0 
\par \page 
${\footnote {$}Remove button}
#{\footnote {#}IDH_POPUP_REMOVEBTN}
@{\footnote {@}What's this help popup: information about the Remove button.}

\pard \plain \plain\f1\fs16\cf0\b Remove button\plain\f0\fs16\cf0 
\par \plain\f1\fs16\cf0 Click to uninstall the help file selected in the Help file combo box.\plain\f0\fs18\cf0 
\par \page 
${\footnote {$}Install and Remove tabs}
#{\footnote {#}IDH_POPUP_TABS}
@{\footnote {@}What's this help popup: information about the Install and Remove tabs}

\pard \plain \plain\f1\fs16\cf0\b Install / Remove tabs\plain\f0\fs16\cf0 
\par \plain\f1\fs16\cf0 Select the Install tab to install help files and the Remove tab to unistall a previously installed file.\plain\f0\fs18\cf0 
\par \page 
}